I'M IN SO MUCH PAIN I LOST MY ACCENT!''
What are you supposed to be, a disappointment?''
Please go read a book, or bury your face in the dirt, or do anything more helpful than watch this.''
Ooh, my birth certificate expried. I need to finish that will.''
Time to go meet Jesus now.''
Oh my word, I'm not insured!''
I HAVE THE RIGHT OF WAaAaAaAAaYYYyYyyyYYY!1!1!''
No one can hate you more than the pieces of yourself.''
I drink to forget, but I always remember.''
I'M RICH DEEP BEHIND ENEMY LINES AND NEED AN EXTRACTION!''
I need a pharmacist!''
Wow. All that money and she couldn't even afford a bulletproof skull.''
Momma got you a kitchen and a stroller, so you can be ready when you give up on your dreams!''
I got my bachelor's for this...''
Oh sweetie, you're not a mistake. You're a regret.''
Hold on-- what is insurance?''
Every day, I think I'm at rock bottom.''
Attention shoppers: I'm here with an idiot.''
Oh, I'm going to have a wonderful seizure!''
You just lost toilet paper privileges. Have fun getting creative.''
Running is a great way to clear off last night's bad choices!''
They keep adding letters, but I keep adding tolerance!''
They complained about a glass ceiling, so I gave them a dirt one.''
The only drug you're on is loneliness.''
We'll just say you retired!''
No insurance? No problem! Just be rich.''
I feel like you're training me to be bored.''
I'm having private goth time right now.''
And some spikes never hurt nobody. Actually, they hurt everyone.''
I've been jeff goldballed''
Jesus is my helmet!''
Taking laxatives is always a slippery slope.''
Excuse me. Sorry to interrupt your CPR.''
No, Mom. They have no idea how miserable I am.''
This was me trying to draw a straight line. I need a doctor.''
I am giving you all ZERO STARS!!1!11!1''
I will do anything to get out of this situation!''
If anyone needs me, I'll be in this closet eating my feelings and feeling my fat!''
Congratulations, you just triggered a Vietnam flashback.''
You know, God has a plan for you.''