HONEY, DID YOU SEND FOR INTERIOR DEMOLITIONISTS?!''
That's why I want to talk to you tonight about a God-given American right: the right to extreme stupidity!''
Pete, no insurance money, what- what we gonna do now?''
Oh! Oh, now I've done it--I've cut the dickens out of my finger!''
This just in: Paul McCartney was freed, but the crisis continued in Tokyo.''
Saturday Night Live is Saturday Night Dead.''
If I WANTED a bottle of SWEAT, I would have ORDERED it! Would you TAKE this away, please?!''
Buckwheat was buried today, and the entire world mourns.''
As I tell all my patients, CBS's new fall schedule is a leading cause of heart disease in America.''
You know, Christmas is a special time in Mr. Robinson's neighborhood. It's a time for giving. And look what Mr. Landlord gave me. It's an eviction notice!''
They don't give out pardons for jaywalking.''
This is the part of the job I hate!''
Forgive me for interrupting--Oh, I'm sorry, that's not your strong suit; forgiveness.''
Well, you shouldn't dress that child that way; it looks like a roach in an Easter basket.''
Who needs morality? We have a lawyer!''
This is my dad. By himself. Without his son. As usual! :D''
Uh-oh! It's the big cat with the big guns!''
You're gonna end up eating a steady diet of government cheese, and living in a van down by the river!''
By the way, 1973 called. They want your head back.''
You're puny enough, you're flabby enough, and doggone it, you're a loser.''
I WILL DRIVE YOU OUT TO THE DESERT, AND LEAVE YOU THERE FOR THE ENTIRE MONTH OF AUGUST IF YOU DON'T GET OFF THAT SHED!!''
The question was 'Write anything', and you got it wrong.''
Remember, never question your government. It is the envy of Canada.''
Holy Bible! It's a bike enthusiast!''
I got a fever. And the only prescription IS MORE COWBELL!''
Strategery.''
We're all in a race, aren't we?''
In fact, beneath this wise-cracking, smart-alecky exterior lies a hollow void rife with harrowing darkness and bleak despair, dude! :D''
Speaking of heat, if this greenhouse effect keeps up, we'll all be living underwater.''
Whammie! Blammie! Wowie! Zowie! You've just been pranked!''
It's amazing the reaction you get when you're not wearing sweatpants.''
So remember, kids, if you're experiencing ear pain, it's probably just spiders.''
CPR can be a lot of fun, but it can kill someone too.''
Interesting point, but me no like.''
I THREW IT ON THE GROUND!''
My name is Roger Sims, not 'Fat Guy Gets Owned'!''
AUGH, ****! AUJDMIOUGHOUGHGH NOO, MAN! NOT ME, MAN! ****! ;-;''
I DO understand, and I DO want it to stop.''
You know what else The Grinch stole? Thirty minutes of my life!''
And I can hear the screams of a dying middle class.''
That's when I knew: he had dementia.''
Tonight is going to be a lot like the third Lord of the Rings movie: you don't really wanna watch, but hey, you've come this far.''
Aw hell naw, Karen! Keep your bland *** potato salad to yourself!''
oh god ;-; we're gonna be fired and slapped ;-;''
This is NOT what Melania meant when she said 'Be Best.'''
They bumped into me, and I said 'Oh, I'm sorry', which is INSANE...''
We're gonna take it out, test it for diseases, then that thing's going right in the trash. MAYBE.''
Woah, what is this place? Am I... dead?''
What is it about me that they don't understand? What is it about me that they don't get?''
Oof. I don't think I can recover from that one. Goodbye, everybody.''